The low detail of that sculpture makes it look like a tiny 2" tall figurine, which is making the house look tiny to me too.

Also, the weird angle makes it look like it's been Photoshopped in.

I’m actually not convinced it isn’t. Where is the light coming from?

https://www.24heures.ca/2023/04/05/a-outremont-une-enorme-statue-dun-homme-chevauchant-un-cheval-intrigue

It says it is worth 1million and that was in May this year.
                      

                       Unless the exchange rate is wild or my French is rusty... But that's not $4.3 million

It says it's worth MORE than $1 million.  The relevant translated text for reference.
                         

                          "There are only three copies of Voluptuous Man on a Horse . Each of the three replicas is valued at over $1 million. During an auction held in March 2022, one of them was sold for 4.43 million US dollars, or almost 6 million Canadian dollars. "

6 million dollars? May as well cost an arm, both legs, and an eye.

Same scam that trump does. These greedy fat fucks like to puff up their own worth.  Having a ton of money isn't enough. They have to commit fraud to pretend they have exorbitantly more than they do.  The other millionaires might start to judge them if they catch wind that they only have a 1million dollar statue

I mean one of these statues literally sold for $4.4M, so it's not some scheme to value it high but not sell it...

Well i mean, at an auction, where all the laundering always takes place.
                                  

                                   The panama, pandora, and many other gigantic paper releases happened. It's no longer just a rumor that art valuation is tied to world wide money laundering rings designed for the rich to evade their wealth hordes being used for civic purposes (taxes).  It's an actual documented fact now. Art valuation that high is only because of wealth laundering.
                                  

                                   It very much is a scheme and always has been. Art does have some inherent ineffable value to it, and that's what makes it such a useful vessel for these schemers.

It says they're valued at over $1 million, and one sold at auction recently for $4.4 million USD.

How in the heck is this thing so expensive? Because of the artist or is it made of really expensive material? Just seems kinda strange that it would be worth so much but I’m just going off what I see in this picture.

Answer: Art

Because rich people are really good at hiding their wealth in assets so that it can't be taxed

Money Laundering

4,43 millions de dollars américains, soit presque 6 millions de dollars canadiens

Later in the article it says a copy was sold at auction for 4.3 mil American or 6 mil Canadian.

Yeah, but that particular one was only 1million.
                            

                             Not sure why the difference, but the one in the picture is 1million, another one by the same artist sold for over millions

Hi, frenchie here. It said that the last copy sold was sold 4.3 M but since this one was ceized from a bankruptcy, the now owner probably paid less and more around that 1M.

It's art. It's worth whatever made-up number rich people need it to be worth for their money laundering purposes.

It looks like a Unity asset or something

It looks like something from Roblox.

It looks like a level in a Lego game

Except there’s sort of an uncanny valley thing going on, like some sort of knock off Lego brand

Lol tbh the whole thing looks fake af

r/confusingperspective

It’s an original Fernando Botero and there are only 3 in existence, one of which sold last year at auction for $4.3m USD
          


            https://www.24heures.ca/2023/04/05/a-outremont-une-enorme-statue-dun-homme-chevauchant-un-cheval-intrigue

Pretty sure there is one in my old neighborhood in Clayton, MO
             


               https://racstl.org/public-art/man-on-a-horse/

So where's the third one?

At home

There is! Drove past it everyday lol it was hideous

LOL just because something is rare, doesn’t mean we should put a huge value on it.

Botero is a pretty celebrated artist. I find his work to be hilarious and endearing.

I'm from MO and I was sitting here like wtf, thank you for this or I would've been bothered for a few months until I drive past it again lol

I was thinking the same thing.

I was a bout to ask if it was Botero's as the horse looks exactly as one of Botero's statues in Colombia

Just because someone's willing to pay for it doesn't mean it's not garbage.

It’s like that old saying, “one man’s trash is another man’s $4.3M sculpture”

Prices for famous artists are ridiculous but Botero rocks

A quick skim through this guy's work makes me feel everyone praising him in this thread has abhorrent taste.
                   

                    His art is the most basic, uninspired, horny, average pieces of work I have ever seen. Basically a walking advertisement for an obesity fetish.
                   

                    The fact he is in any museum, let alone has buildings full of his work is a black mark for the entire "fine art" community and reinforces the ideas it only exists for tax dodging and money laundering purposes. What a joke

Behold the visionary artistic magnificence of “Mona Lisa but fat”.

Botero is a lot of things, but
                       
                        basic?
                       


                       His style is incredibly distinctive. I knew who made this sculpture immediately.
                      

                       Look up Pajaro de Paz. Fuckin hilarious. I love his stuff.

It’s funny to me that you can’t possibly imagine a world in which people have different opinions from you lmao.
                      

                       Also, that money laundering thing is brought up all the time and literally only parroted by Redditors.

Did you look at the art?

Botero is one of the most famous artists of the last century so yes. I absolutely love his work. Went to see The Hand when I was in Madrid and found it super cool along with other works I’ve gotten a chance to see.

You know, it’s kinda funny that everyone who has tried to defend Botero has started their argument by saying the man was famous.

that’s not my argument at all lol. The previous comment asked if I knew his work. He IS one of the most famous artists of the 20th century, so yeah, I figure most people know him.
                                  

                                   Don’t like him or do, I don’t care, but insulting others taste for liking him is just douche behavior.

Gotcha.

I'm not surprised someone somewhere  likes painting of volumous down syndrome-esque people, but the fact anyone would pay millions or put his work in a museum... can't wrap my head around it

You seem fun

Search Botero, whatever you think of the statue the value is there.

Are people literally paying millions of dollars for poor quality parodies of other art pieces? It's not like there's some stunning originality or technique on display. Everyone shits on NFTs for being obvious examples of idiocy driven displays of capital without value beyond the speculation of which it can be further scammed from another, but how is physical art any different?
                   

                    Rarely are pieces priced on somewhat quantifiable criteria or even aesthetic value, rather just like NFTs the only thing that really matters is scarcity and the capacity to trick other people into thinking its also worth how much you spent. The exception to the rule is the independent small artist trade but the difference between the pay gap is insane when there's literally no difference besides arbitrary fame.

Nothing is worth that much

Pretty sure there are lots of things that much, cars, planes, boats, busses, trains, houses, blimps, missiles, subs, microscopes, telescopes....

If you can’t afford it that’s fine, but there are people that can and that’s fine too, I don’t get the pocketwatching hate

Look, I get that art is subjective, but Botero objectively fucks. You should check out the Birds of Peace in Medellín

He has an amazing documentary that was released in 2018

[deleted]

Art has long long long been a way to hide money for the rich.  That's the reason for the insanely inflated prices.

Reddit seems to believe people can't appreciate art and it's only purpose is money Laundering.

It seems to be Reddit's current favourite thing to shoehorn into every conversation

It's just a thing that people said on reddit once and it gets passed around by anti intellectual chuds. Most art bought and sold at auction by collectors loses value. Of anything its reverse money laundering because you have a shitload of highly appraised stuff on display that will never sell for anywhere close to its value.
                      

                       Also most art is nowhere near this amount of money.

It can be both. Art is awesome and Botero is amazing. I went to his museum in Bogotá a few years ago and was blown away. However, none of this stops people from using art to launder money and avoid taxes; it isn’t one of the other.

Absolutely. It just isn't nearly as prevalent as Reddit users make it out to be.

"
                             
                              I've never bothered to learn anything about modern art but I don't understand this so obviously it's money laundering.
                             
                             " 😫

I appreciate art fine, in a museum, shared with the public not hoarded for the cost of 100 peoples annual salary

Looks like they're putting it out for anyone to see for free.

Yeah I’m sure they have no problem with the public walking around in their yard to appreciate the art.

Whose to say this wont end up in a museum eventually?
                         

                          Many museum's collections have been donated by people who had a passion for art and donated their collection after they passed.
                         

                          The Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum is a great example of this and wouldn't have been possible if private collectors didn't exist.

There is not enough room in museums for every single piece of art in existence. Also creating art for private buyers is kinda how art gets valuable and famous too lol.
                         

                          Personally I own a bunch of art from local artists around me. Mostly paintings. It's not valuable at all. And it was not expensive. Should all of that be in museums?

Exactly it just meant the seller was lucky to find a real sucker. Says nothing of its value.

How do you define value if not for the amount people are willing to pay for it?

Exactly it just meant the seller was lucky to find a real sucker. Says nothing of its value.

True garbage.

That is incredibly expensive for such an ugly statue

Too bad art isn’t subjective so nobody will ever be able to enjoy it :/

That’s exactly what makes art stupid. I enjoy the smell of big stinky poops, that’s subjective and causes enjoyment ; is that art ?

It looks just like the one in front of P.F. Changs Chinese restaurants

My first thought: Is that a BOTERO??

are the toes rubbed for good luck?

two words: money laundering

Not in this case really. Botero is extremely well known in the artist world. Just go to Medellin or Bogotá and you’ll see the size of his museum. There are some famous statues of his in Madrid. He recently died which means the value skyrockets
                

                 Other modern art that comes out of nowhere and it’s a blank canvas that sells for 1M, I’ll agree with you there.

Having a very public and famous 22 million dollar thing on display right in front of your house, bought and sold through public auctions is not really a great way to hide money...
.

It’s expensive garbage then

It looks like some kind of inflatable sex statue.

I think it’s a Botero statue. He just recently passed, so it could be worth more

did he really die?
                

                 or is he playing the lawn con...

That joke only works in American, but I dig it

but I dig it
                       


                       Well, as long as you fill in the holes afterward.

You're all a bunch of sods.

Explains the fat horse

https://bohemiantraveler.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/10/DSC_5971.jpg
                    


                    guy loves making any subject into a fatty

It is Botero

He’s the guy that made the cat that has testicles in Barcelona, right? That’s rad, if so.

There is a
                 
                  Botero
                 
                 right near my workplace.

I recognize the style because we went to the Phoenix Desert Botanical Garden last Sunday and saw a couple of big-ass Botero sculptures there because his work is being exhibited over the ‘winter’.

A good illustration of why we should tax the living hell out of the rich

I think it’s kind of cool that this rich person decided to put it in their front yard where others can enjoy it too.

Well, "enjoy". But quality aside, I'm with you

Yeah... you're an idiot.
                

                 In QC they are paying 53% income tax already.

For almost 50 years, the top marginal tax bracket in the US was above 70%.
                   

                    For almost 20 of those years (1944-1963), it was above 90%

With plenty of loopholes. Increasingly so the wealthier you get.

Which you think means we should just give them a lower tax rate?
                         

                          First of all, loopholes were not nearly as much of a thing in those decades. Most wealthy people legitimately paid close to those rates.
                         

                          The expansion of what you might call the tax loophole “industry” basically happened from the 80’s forward.
                         

                          We’ve been doing a great job at closing loopholes in the last two years. Increased funding to the section of the IRS that audits wealthy people. Shutting down the possibility of tax havens by getting them to agree to a global minimum tax. Instituting a domestic minimum corporate tax here which is based on the profits reported to shareholders, essentially closing wide swaths of loopholes all at once.
                         

                          The solution is to find and close loopholes. Not to just give up and say “fine we’ll just lower your tax rate” as if wealthy people wouldn’t just still try to find loopholes to pay even less.

What? Where'd you get that I think that? Just pulling stuff from thin air.
                            

                             My point was the really rich don't actually pay those tax rates.

yes... and there is a reason it changed. The majority of Taxes are already paid buy the top 10% of the US with Tax in the 40% range...

Right bc they make a majority of the money, and the more money you have, the easier it is to make even more money. Hence marginal tax rates.

Exactly…. But there is not reason to tax them even more than what they’re being taxed at…. The government has a spending problem not an income problem

Ahh, I see you've received your education at the School of Breitbart and Fox (I mean, it's a hella coincidence that you happen to use their exact talking points).
                               

                                Such a shame they constantly misreport reality to push an agenda.

I think that you'll find that
                          
                           in theory
                          
                          , the majority of taxes
                          
                           should
                          
                          be paid the top 10% wealthiest; but in actuality they exploit numerous loopholes (as covered by another user) to pay vastly less than they should.
                         

                          But keep defending people whose concern for you extends as far as they can make money from your existence.

Seeing how I’m in that income bracket

But this isn’t income. It’s wealth.

(checks my pay stub)...
                   

                    No I'm not....

Top Bracket which im assuming the homeowner is.

Not really an issue if you move there with a bundle of cash.

why does that statute make you angry?
                

                 it's just a statute that other people seem to think a lot of.  (It's not for me,  but that's ok)
                

                 if you highly taxed it.   it's just going to get sent to another country and be hidden away.

Envy makes people angry.
                   

                    A lot of what is taxed away is sent to another country anyways, unfortunately.

Not tax the rich but protect the artist by ensuring their work is not a vehicle of capital as so often with high rank artists.

Very expensive art is often stored in
                    
                     free ports
                    
                    which are untaxed as they’re technically not inside of a country.  The art is stored in dark warehouses - tax free - where even the owner doesn’t enjoy owning it.
                   

                    I’ll take a statue on a front lawn any day!

That is the art that is actually used for money laundering. And tax evasion. You don't know who owns it. And you never see it.
                      

                       Redditors don't understand this and any time they see any piece of art ever the "MONEY LAUNDERING FOR THE RICH" peanut gallery chimes in.

Shit! I almost bought this house. I only needed 4.5 million more and it was done. Ahrg so close.

I live right next door; we could’ve been neighbors and polished your new lawn ornament together in cutoff jeans.

Listen, I can photoshop an equally detailed image of a statue in front of your house for $350

You mean you DON’T have a $4.3 Million dollar sculpture on your lawn?

You haven't made it until you have a fat dude on a fat horse in your lawn

[deleted]

Haha yeah, it was clear to me that that's a Botero from the moment I saw it. With flashbacks to aguardiente and Fanta in the beautiful city of Medellín.

I could swear I saw a statute of his for sale in Costa Rica a few years ago.It was striking statute of a heavy-set woman(apparently a theme of his).
             

              It looked great and I regret not buying it...
             

              It was only $1200 iirc.
             

              ​
             

              Edit: It was a small table top statute and this was over 10 years ago...

No way it was real.

Looks like a chess piece from a pop up game store that is only around for 6 weeks before Christmas

wow, there’s one of these statues
           
            in clayton, missouri
           
           . never knew it was a real botero!

Shit looks photoshopped in

From the angle, it looks like it’s photoshopped in very poorly

Inflation really has gotten out of hand. Playmobils used to be fairly cheap when I was a kid.

Botero!

Wow that’s a terrible sculpture. I’d love to see the artists rendition versus what came to fruition

Anyone play Harvest Moon Friends of Mineral Town? This got that gold log vibes.

Ugly as sin. I wouldn't put that on my lawn unless they paid me 4.3 mil/year.

I love the little fat man

Do they cover it during the winter? I'd be curious to see a picture of it in 2 month's time.

They actually have a $2.4 million dollar blanket that protects it during the winter

It was Snuggie's best work to date

Now imagine the neighbors taking out their inflatable Santas..

Whoever paid 4.3m for that got finessed.

You got to admire that salesmanship😂

Real pimpin knows real pimpin baby.

The house itself is great. The artist is Botero - I'm not a big fan, and this particular sculpture sticks out like a sore thumb next to this house. Something like a Rodin (The Thinker etc.) would have been more suitable.

i would dare to say that is a sculpture by fernando botero a colombian artist painter and sculptor

The ultimate flex is front yard art. Tells the neighbors yeah, I am making Drake money while you guys are just basic AF.

Looks like it's from that guy who does all those sculptures of fat things

Yep I was right

That is a great description of Botero lol!

looks like it's made of recycled ABS plastic

Someone at this house loves those feet. The color difference makes it look like someone has been sucking on the toes.

i love Botero sculptures. so round, so silly

Time to grab the ski masks boys

When I win the lottery, I won't tell anyone, but there will be signs...

Botero

Damn, that’s where my missing chess knight went.

Do passerbys rub the voluptuous man’s toes for luck?

Botero

Imagine paying 4.3m for that ugly thing?

Yeah, an ugly $4.3 million sculpture.  Lmao 🤣

If i shape lint from the dryer into the shape of a dong and call it art.. can i get like 1 million for ot?

That's just like, your opinion, man.

That's a beautiful original Botero there. Nice taste

Botero is a Colombian sculptor, very popular with cocaine traffickers. Just saying.

not really popular with them tho

Money laundering. Also aren’t these outside of most PF Changs?

Fine art is money laundering.

Thats definitely money laundering

Looks like some $50 Lego promo mannequin that target tossed out when it was no longer needed.

I would pay someone at least 1.3 million to remove that statue if it were my house.

Oh cool, a P.F. Changs!

And the fucking state of it too. "Art"

“I call it “Chubby Man, Stubby Horse”. That’ll be $4.3M, please.”
          

           -that artist, probably

Tax the rich....

Eat the rich....

Anything other than letting them steal more and more wealth...ffs it's getting ludacris

That's not just saying "I'm rich, bitch!".
          

           It's literally saying "I'm
           
            fuck you poor people
           
           rich".
          

           PS: I love Botero, it has nothing to do with the statue itself.

It almost looks like that putin meme of him on the horse

In Clayton, Missouri in the United States, there is one at the corner of Hanley Rd and Wydown Blvd.
          

           An address that is across the street is 7643 Wydown Blvd Clayton, MO 63105.
          

           If you wanted a way to quickly get to a nearby Google Street View, or here's a
           
            link instead
           
           .

I hope they really enjoy their giant chess piece ♟️

The audacity

Absolutely love the home. Couldn’t care less about the sculpture.

Sculpture sucks lol I could do better with 4.3 dollars

It's shit

It looks terrible.

Looks like shit

Wow so what are Good statues worth then?

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Money_laundering

And probably 40 illegal AirBNB units inside LMAO

has a $4.3million sculpture
           


           Says who?

Forget the statue, that lighting is 🔥!

Clearly Canada

Is it a Roblox statue? Are you sure this isn't a really nice Bloxburg screen shot?

Really fits the style of house too.

Sorry not sorry because I love this. That’s an incredible sculpture and they’ve made it available for public viewing. Good on them.

