Wow, I started a 2nd playthrough about 2 hours after my first one.

Been a 160-180h playthrough (not counting savescum :D) threw 3 month and an half, where i tried every possible quest i could,Its hard to start again so fast, need to chill a bit haha

But you've only done all those quests one way. 
There are many ways they can play out and you can be various amount of good or shitty. 
The possibilities are ALL CONSUMING. 
Be one with baldurs gate.

So far im keeping those reaction for my multiplayer run, is so damn good to see new way of ending quests with friends, despite checking every fucking rock on the map in your own playthrough

This is why BG3 is game of the year. The hundreds of hours people have spent and still there is more content to be explore. No other game has the same replay ability + actual new content like this game.

Not yet, but hopefully yes!!!

When i tried to play again i remembered all the container i must open everywhere i just nop.nope.nup.

Exactly! Guess I'll do like i do with Mass effect, a run every few year where i forgot most of it! (tho i might try dark urge sooner)

My problem if I don't start right after is that I forgot my decision and in some point I realise that I'm repeating almost 95% of them.... I'm so freaking reproducible

I don't enjoy replaying games when I have already experienced the plot. It took me 5 years to replay Mass Effect for the second time.
                      

                       I've done my 120 hour BG3 playthrough and I'm pretty content with it. Maybe I'll do a Durge one in a few months to a year's time.
                      

                       Hopefully the game will be all patched by then.

And you remember how act 1 showers you with food in every goddamn container

And all those skellies that have to be spotted by my own eyes

I thought I did every possible quest on my first playthrough. Spoiler alert, I did not.

Finished my 3rd one, ran into a comment in the subreddit yesterday mentioning something I never seen before. This frigging game is packed with content.

I did exactly the same, a near 200 hour tiefling warlock first run where I explored everything and did everything.  I took a few days off and played through Spiderman 2, then I was able to jump right back into a new drow paladin run.  I'm about 10-20 hours in and while it's wildly different in many respects, it's just as fun.  You might just need a palate cleanser because BG3 is a very rich bold taste.

If there’s anything I dislike about this game, and games like it, it’s looting and inventory management.
                   

                    Like… I’ll do it, but it takes so much time and it’s not the fun part.
                   

                    There’s no reason to make every body and so many boxes lootable. There’s no reason to be able to loot 5 billion goblin bows.
                   

                    It’s not like we can’t just make them unlootable for realism: all these enemies have unlootable things on their bodies. It’s not like we can take their underwear.
                   

                    In tabletop dnd it’s not like your dm is just gonna allow you to dump 30 daggers on some merchant.

What! 😱 looting and inventory management is the best aspect! I save inventory management for Saturday when I have time to really appreciate it. Oh the sweet dopamine! Stuff and more stuff, organize it, fitting and trying, selling and buying 😍

Thanks god there was some Mod for this, at least so we can sort each type of equipment (head / gloves , etc...)

Agree!  100%.  In Act I, I did that.  Looted everytyhing, sold it where I could, ran back and finished looting, then looked for another merchant.  My camp chest was PACKED full of crap.  At the end of the game it was still packed full of crap and I was rocking over 30K gold.  I realized partway through Act II... I don't need to pick everything up.  I barely need to pick ANYTHING up.  I left most stuff on the ground and it ended up not mattering.  But it was counter-intuitive and a hard habit to break, so I know exactly what you're saying.

I also picked up and sold everything thinking I need all the gold. Didn’t really.

I just finished a run as a Drow paladin, did you go Lolthsworn or Seldarine?

Seldarine, I'm still going the more righteous path this time.  Next time will be a Durge run so I didn't want to get too nasty this go.

Enjoy being nice! I personally didn't encounter too many people being anti drow but had a good time nonetheless
                         

                          Durge is really cool a lot of extra narrative so I wish you fun and luck on your playthroughs

Agree. Realize I perhaps should not have tried to explore everything.

I did 200 and something hours and found out I missed massive amounts!

Time for the mods!

180 NOT counting save scumming? What were you doing? I wracked up ~90hrs on each of my two runs.

same

I thought that. Then I started a Durge playthrough the next day...

Dark urge playthrough time

im 99 hours in after about a month. Really looking forward to my next run seeing as I missed a bunch of stuff early on.

My first playthrough was 400 hours. Ive done 515 all up lol. It's too good.

I didn't think I would after putting 100 hours in my first playthrough...then I started with my Monk and am cruising through Act 1 lol

Second play through has been much faster so far. I’m in act three in under 40 hours and some of those were idle while I pooped

I haven't finished a playthrough and no immediately made a new character yet lol. I'm on my 4th. 
The game is consuming me.

[removed]

Oh yeah, I'd love to talk about it! My first playthrough I romanced Halsin and Shart, but in my second game I went for Bae'zel. (My current fave) For race, I changed from a half-orc to a githyanki, and I also chose the Durge origin! (Fantastic redemption run) Class-wise, I changed from an OB pally/ Fiend lock to a storm sorc/temp dom cleric. Finally for team comp, I replaced Halsin with Wyll, and kept Shart/Bae'zel.

I started another game the second the credits finished.

Haha!  Is to a play through if you’re only 2 hours in?

I think you misunderstand. I started a game 2 hours after I finished my first game, but it was well over a month ago. That 2nd game has finished, and so have 2 more afterwards.

Gotcha!!

Same, and the only reason it took 2 hours is because the my friends wanted to play our separate playthrough right as I was finishing the game!

10 minutes after

Started a 3rd before getting far in my 2nd and never   finished my 1st.

You mean you didn’t start a new play through before finishing the first?

Ha, nope! I made my half-orc and stuck with him.

A support group should be created for this.... Hi, my name is Nadia and I am addicted to BG3.

group in unison
              
              Hi Nadia.

:D

Host: She turned in Scratch...
                


                  group in unison

Support group for tadpoled people XD

OP needs some time to accept that there won't be another Larian game for at least 3 years. And a DLC for 1 year, if any.

BG3 is my first experience with Larian games. Shortly in to playing it I bought Divinity 2 on sale.
             

              I like playing co-op story games with my friend and there’s surprisingly few that are good. Baldur’s Gate 3 has kept us occupied for a while but we’re in act 3 and it’s only a matter of time now.

Solasta: Crown of the Magister

Solasta is so stupidly good, especially in multi.

I personally feel: BG3 probably deserves game of the year. But... It also feels to me that it outshines itself in single player.
                      

                       And while my group is enjoying it together, I think I miss our Solasta days more than I'll miss BG 3.

BG3 absolutely deserves GoTY. Solasta is better in multi tho. And it
                          
                           really
                          
                          shines with the Unfinished Business mod. So. Good.

I've heard of that mod but never tried.  Hmmm. Might be something my group and I need to try.

I mean. I’d really recommend it

exactly :D

I know how you feel.

Let's go for the second play through! Another person to romance (or more?), another race, another class and a diff team comp? ;D

Did exactly this! 1st one was a good guy playthrough, now its time for the evil one >:)

That went fast xD
                

                 My second would be a bard... maybe the fifth a bad guy? I can't do itttt!

Well... thats the issue, i swapped every character when i could, so i saw a LOT of companion stories, Also, if i romance another, will probably be Karlach and ... im not ready to force her again for this ending :(

Hmmm, I understand.
                 
                  But I don't want her to turn into squidward, like, everrrrrr. T-T

I feel like
                    
                     she has no good ending :(

She loves her time there so I just keep in mind that this is what she wants. But the feeeels..!

For the best is still
                          
                           going to avernus with her, with a friend, you or wyll But still, not the thing she wants

Same here, I just started Starfield and thought 'well. . . this is shit'

Omg yes. Three hours in I knew I was never gonna love it - it was cold, empty, shallow. Gave it up.

You dont love every characters looking deep in your eyes ? i dont get it... (/s)

I feel this. I started my second playthrough an hour after i finished my first, and many other runs followed that. I am on my sixth playthrough and the good news is that it does not get boring. Just try another class and a slightly or complete different playstyle and you will have a lot of fun! I still discover new things and i love it.

Yup now I have like seven playthroughs going at once with mods lol

Completely normal. I miss a few of my DND characters and in this game I really liked my first Durge run and kinda miss the first guy I've made.

I kinda want to be done with BG 3 for a while because I want to get back into Cyberpunk 2077 now that CDPR finally fleshed out the combat mechanics and released the DLC, but I can't because I also just want to play BG 3.

....I started a new game within moments of the ending

Time to pick up Divinity Original Sin 2

Fun fact, i've tried it since 2017 once, twice , three time, i felt it was too boring
              
              I tried again in 2020 with friends (then solo), loved it
             

              And thats the main reason i tried BG3 here :)

Same, haha, it's quite hard to get into but once you are there it just clicks.
                

                 Maybe Disco Elysium then?

Its on my wish list for a while, but the art direction is blocking me so far (so was FF7 OG, needed time to get into it)

Aye, absolutely take your time. Imo the gane us beautiful and one of a kind, but don't rush yourself! Maybe something light after such a heavy game like bg3 is the better choice haha

Yeah, my thought exactly! Probably gonna do some LOL game to lose some mental, then i'll come back to this peaceful games

MY HEART
          

           Yes I know how you feel.
          

           I actually need to sever. In the middle of another playthrough but a new bug has stopped me from being able to go any further (yes there are awkward, glitchy workarounds, but I can't be bothered).
          

           Might be the best thing that's ever happened to me. I've been THAT mopey guy for about a month now. An opportunity to be free (at least until Larian fixes all the Act 3 bugs that weren't there before).

Now the fun begins in finding all the new dialogue and scenarios from different playthroughs.
          


            Drow Female
           

            Low Charisma (or high charisma)
           

            Dark Urge
           

            Shadowheart
           

            Evil
           

            Paladin (Oathbreaker or Oathkeeper)
           


           ...

Wait... you're telling me you don't already have 3 other ongoing campaigns you're halfway through???
          


            Oh honey

This right here. I was late to EA, like got EA when they announced a release date. I played one kinda semi-serious playthrough and barely scratched the surface after about 40 hours. As launch neared I played it like Smuper Mario Bros, I'd roll a character and play until I got tired and went to bed and never touched it again. After My first clear as a Seldarine Drow Bard I have yet to commit fully to a new playthrough and find myself 15-40 hours into a playthrough and having ideas for a different playthrough and abandoning it. Hell, last night I had a great idea for a 1/2 Wood Elf Ranger and started playing and was like... hang on. Checked my "Load Game" screen and I had a Wood Elf Ranger sat outside the Blighted Village... oh, oops.

Wait, WAIT, are you telling me you haven't played act 2 yet??!

Oh hell naw. I did a complete on my Seldarine Drow Bard Karlach Romance, Emperor playthrough. I have reverted back to the try stuff till I get bored and try different stuff after that.

Whew OK thank fuck hahaha.

Rerolled a new character right away, upon beating the game for the first time

“Finished”

I know. Or thought i did. It was over 170 hours for me too.
          

           Until i realized how much i missed. So i jumped in again.
          

           Somehow i find myself in the middle of a fourth playthrough

I only recently realized that I left Grymforge about 20 hours ago. And I completely forgot to find the FORGE in Grymforge.
             

              This is my first play through. Oh well, I'll do it on my next one.

I think this is going to be me. I could swear I'm almost through act 3...and it just keeps getting bigger and bigger...
          

           I wrap up one quest, tie up a loose end, and five more show up. I mean, I don't necessarily want the ride to end, but I've managed to stay mostly spoiler free, and I'm dying to see how things wrap up.
          

           When I get there, I'm pretty sure I'm going to need like a day or two to decompress

And you didn't immediately start a new playthrough? uwú

Play it again, theres so much room for multiple playthroughs

I felt this way with elden ring, then BG3 came up. I'm still playing BG3 but I'm also not really mad. Video games should be fun. If there isn't a game out there that I have fun playing, I just don't play videogames.

Finished the game? What's that?

200 hours in and I still haven't reached the gate. Close though.

Can´t decide your class for the next playthrough or what has you down?

I just finished this and am typing as the credits roll.  I just watched Karlach die and now have to listen to "I want to live" - this is horrible!
          

           I want to go to Avernus with Karlach, help Lae'zel kill Vlaakith AND go and find Astarion.

That's what 2nd playthroughs are for. I finished my 150h campaign and literally started a new one minutes later. I've already discovered some new stuff in act 1 that I had previously missed! This game is amazing!

Just replay it

Mood

The best ending imho is Durge siding with Orpheus, get Minthara, let Astarion ascend and Shadowheart is a Dark Justiziar.

Dlc when?

Literally how I felt when I finished The Witcher 3

Think about the good times. Take your time. Start again.

Well it's clearly time to start another playthrough. :)

I'm the exact opposite. I haven't even finished my first playthrough and it's taking a lot of willpower for me to not start a second playthrough with my new character idea

Now start the game again with mods!

The secret to avoiding this feeling is to keep doing more playthroughs until you burn out and the game is now dead to you

It happened to me too

I started a new run immediately after beating the game. Honestly I was tempted to start another parallel run while I was still working on my first one just to see the differences.

This is for tv shows, with bg3 you can just start over and do everything different 😆

I’m 80 hours in at lvl8 and just about to get to the crèche lol. I’ve done Underdark and some of the shadow lands.  I know I’ve barely scratched the surface of Act 2.
          

           Granted, a good part of those 80 hours was character creation , exploration and really getting deep with my teams builds and items.
          

           How huge is this game ? Apparently act 3 is even longer ??

I'd say Act 3 is about 2 thirds of act 1 + 2
             

              You have so much things to do in here (maybe too mcuh for some people)

I took a week off then started a new game. I’m going through this one VERRY slowly and trying to RP as Durge would. So far so good

See, that's why my first playthrough keeps sitting in act 3 while I keep playing a second playthrough already.

haha , i feel you, i had a break between act, and i didnt wanted to start act 3, i didnt knew why, tho i LOVED first 2 acts, but once you're in, you wont stop and enjoy every part of it :)

I was actually so excited to finish the game so I could start my durge playthrough

Me when choosing between archfey drow warlock durge and eldritch knight human durge for my next playthrough:

I assure you that you missed something and will have another blast playing again with a different character and approach, just go for it.

Start up a second playthrough as one of the story characters.  I'm doing Durge (trying to not be lol) for second and it's a different game!

I'm about to finish it, doing the final events this evening. And to avoid feeling that kind of void in me, I already have a Durge save ready to play.

Just the difference between playing a ranged class vs melee class is a huge difference.  Then you can do good vs evil, a thief run, a murder hobo run, and so on.

About the first point , I played a college of sword bard soooo....
              
              But it ill probably be a dark huge run !

time to start a new run

Every party member got a happy ending except for my OC and I'm heartbroken, especially since I avoided all spoilers so I had no clue what was going to happen. Time to start the next playthrough.

I immediately started another playthrough/continued one of my already started.

♪♫Hello Durge my old friend♪♫

My first play through was 120 ish hours ....as soon as the credits finished I started a new one. Act 1 felt like a lifetime ago, so it's been refreshing to see some old and "alive again" faces.

You finished first playthrough yes.  But what about second playthrough
          

           And durge playthrough... And each origin playthrough for the bonus content, and honor playthrough (coming soon?) And....

10 hours ago here.... hopefully I can put it down for a while now...it was consuming me.

Do a Dark urge run! You'll notice so much more this time around and you get a lot of extra story bits! I missed a lot in first playthrough, like Ethel in the grove as a shopkeeper etc.,
          

           The fun only stops if you let it

I felt this when I finished. I was planning to take some time away, play something else, then come back for a second playthrough. But the very next day I was fiending for it again and started my 2nd.

Unless you got all 17,000+ possible routes to the ending, you aren’t done 😈

time for a  :
          

           Durge paladin run
          

           bard only run
          

           barb only run
          

           DEUS VULT paladin only run
          

           Solo challenge

I have played 140 hours so far and haven't completed any of my four saves. Furthest I got was Rivington but felt the urge to start a new save with a completely different character 😂

I found the endings a bit crappy tbh, all the hours spend leading up and then the ending cut scenes seemed very short and lacking. Didn't stop me starting several more play throughs tho 😆

Now its time to redo it and bang a different companion

That’s exactly why I started a second playthrough the day after, and another one after that. Now I’m forced to have a break until their next patch due to ps5 performance issues that made act 3 terribly frustrating, so I’m watching series in the meantime… and I feel that void.

Time to get AC Mirage. I’ve been working hard to finish BG3 so I can play it

Brain: ....do it again...

Great meme! exactly how I feel when I am done with a great game or book.
          

           I have learned my lesson though, so I have never actually finished the game.
          

           I started a new game after act 1, to make the character just the way I wanted it. Played smarter and got more gear I missed the first time. I did this a few times before landing on a satisfied character, an evil drow which of course romanced The nightwarden. After playing evil to half way in act 3, I started up again with a good character and romanced Karlac. I am going to the end with this one.
          

           I wish there were more content 😞 It’s really small.
          

           I played 2000 hours on Skyrim before finally beating the ebony warrior with my favorite character, cause I was so scared to end it.

Haven’t even finished my 1st play through and I’m already planning my 2nd

dark urgeee

If you haven't, go back and play as Dark Urge.

See I strategically avoid this by making new tavs all the time

Sometimes associated with the "Baldur's Gate Depression", this feeling comes from the completion of the Baldur's Gate 3 game.
          

           ​
          

           Common causes include getting immersed so much in the game that after completion, you feel lost and/or empty, or realizing that the Baldur's Gate universe is so amazing compared to our own and you're pushed down by the fact that you'll never be a part of it.
          

           ​
          

           To be less extreme, people may feel empty because they realize that no other game will ever be as immersive as the Baldur's Gate game , thus ending their gaming career forever.

I’ve made like 7 characters and have beaten the game with any of them

There's got to be a 4th frame where you're in character creation again

Next playthrough with mods.
          

           Play as the Artificer class, change Shadowheart to a Twilight domain cleric, and go through the game with tons of new spells and items/weapons.

Time to Dark Urge I guess

I finished the game without having used Wyll in my party for, like, 4 levels worth of play, and apparently the last time I had used him, I had taken his armor off to give it to someone else. TELL ME WHY THIS MAN SHOWED UP AT THE DOCKS IN HIS DAMN TIGHTY WHITIES. Then the game bugged and my last romance dialogue w/ astarion was stuck in a normal play view while the dialogue played 🥲 it never switched into the dialogue camera.
Naturally, I waited for the end of the credits, then IMMEDIATELY started up a new campaign. I don’t have time to process the emotional trauma yet. 😂😂😂

How??????.

Only 2 games I’ve played recently as good as bg3 are persona 4 golden and Enderal

Same. I'm trying to take a break before my Durge to see if they will make an update patch (and also do the new story quest in Genshin), but I finished my first run a few days ago and I'm now having
           
            dreams
           
           about BG3.

Wake up samurai, we've got a city to burn!

Not gonna lie, I had multiple times during my first run I had to save and quit and do exactly this meme

This is how I feel right now, I got 2 characters I'm ready to finish the game on. Both heavy revolve around astarion. With the current bugs I'm sitting there wondering what to do while I wait on larian to fix it. I just don't know. I ran out of character creative energy atm. I could go back to my gith or druid where I'm romancing different companions but currently don't have the will power to do act 1 again right now.

Play it again and pick a different class.

Lmao I been playing this for 4 weeks almost nonstop and I still haven’t finished it, been too busy just doing side quests and talking to npcs

that is exactly my mood after 7th playthrough

Cannot finish if you keep starting new games!
          

           I think right now I have 5 Completed (Original runthrough, my first real run through as Tav, my evil Not Tav, my Durge, and Karlach run) 4 open (Astarion where I'm doing tactician still in Act 1, Wyll playthrough that I kind of gave up on, and a play through I have with my friend I haven't touched in a few months, and my game I'm playing with my FIance) and about to open my 5th, a Durge run as I decide if I'm gonna truly give up the Wyll run (Probably won't think I"m gonna just B line it to the finale)

I'm still in my first run but can see where. I need to do another play though. I know I'm missing so many storylines.

Me and my playmate for bg3 are talking about Our 3rd playthrough, havent even Finished the first one after 180 hours

I went Dark Urge my first playthrough, slaughtered the grove and ultimately did all the durge things. Finished and immediately created a new character to start an entirely different run.

I am still on my first play through. I find it hard to play more than 2-3 hours maximum at a time. I adore the game, but I just have to put it down after a while. It's mentally demanding and I can't just "zone out" on it like some games.
          

           I generally don't play any games more than three hours at a time. I'm just saying 3 hours would be the absolute maximum I would want to play this one. I guess I'm savoring it.

You know what that means! Time to start a second playthrough!

Same… that’s why I’m on my fourth play through. I think I need help.

I got like 2 more quests left and I'm done. Although I'll start another playthrough, I kinda don't wanna finish the game

Yes but eventually it will go away, take rest from your amazing adventure 😃

Dude i have been playing for 70 plus hours and i have yet to finish the third act

