That would go for 1.5M outside of Toronto.

It says feet not inches.

I can't tell if you're joking or not, but for clarification, 1.5 Million
Edit: wow It must be too early, I definitely didn't get it at first

Their joke is that it would cost more than that

I would love to see the inside setup of this. Sort of tiny home but made very inefficient by the round walls, I would imagine.

I actually live in a 25' diameter 2 story round house with my partner and 2 dogs. It's more efficient because of the round walls because there are no awkward corners to work around. The flow of the space is actually really good and it feels bigger than the equivalent sqft of a regular square house (moved here from a slightly larger apartment and i prefer this place way more(

Sounds like a Roomba’s dream.

If by Roomba you mean senior dog with long claws slowly pacing in circles at 6 am on the wood floor, then yes. It is a dream indeed

I could hear the claws as I read your comment. I imagine earplugs are a friend of yours.

I just catch him on his second lap and chuck him onto the bed at this point. I may already be awake but giving the girlfriend another 20 minutes to sleep undisturbed pays dividends

I assumed the constant pacing with long claws at 6am was just my senior dog.  And my GOD is it ever tiresome.  He sleeps ALL day and then just never ever stops walking when the sun hasn't started rising yet.

You've described him to a T. Does a lap and boops my face with his nose before setting off on another lap.

This made me smile. Thank you

Hahahaha I actually lolled at this comment - have a great day!

Ohhhh we used to DREAM of livin' in a 25' diameter 2 story round house! Woulda' been a palace to us. We used to live in an old water tank on a rubbish tip. We got woken up every morning by having a load of rotting fish dumped all over us! House!? Hmph.

Good luck hanging a shelf…
             

              Edit:  to be fair I wasn’t considering custom work…. I was just pretty sure IKEA wasn’t gonna have anything to work here.

This just in: Redditor unaware of the concept of cutting jigs that let you saw rounded parts.

https://www.facebook.com/share/dSeaUmHSLrqcJR8j/?mibextid=9R9pXO

You're awesome! That was actually a lot better than I was anticipating, though it's really lacking storage.

OHHHHHHHHHH who lives in a pineapple under the sea

Billy Bob Suspender Pants!

[deleted]

I could imagine the residents dressing up this house for Halloween!

I would live there but unfortunately I was born after 1995 and am likely never going to own even a grain bin

We’d be lucky to own a trash bin

Oscar really had it all.

We all laughed at him while we ignored that it was our future

Tash bin? There were a hundred and sixty of us living in a small shoebox in the middle if the road!

The price of refrigerator boxes has become ridiculous.

Have you considered…
                

                 THEFT?!

Probably not a bin of grain either tbh

I was born in 86 and am going to be renting til the day I die.

I don't think it is the same structure, but this is a clip of a similar conversion including inside views -
           
            https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j7FD1IIi\_Uk

At this point it's not really about saving money by using an old silo. You basically get free sidings and roof covering, but have to build everything inside (including wall and roof structures) in a more complicated way than if doing a simple building.
             

              Don't give me wrong, it's cool, but you're doing it because it's a cool space, not because it's cheap.

It's fucked up to not include photos of the inside.

Agreed, it's just a big tease!

Can't tell your kid to go stand in the corner.

what,  no inside pictures?

A little Spray foam insulation and that structure would be cozy in any climate.

A lot.  A lot of spray foam insulation.
             

              I grew up on a farm and we had a few of these.  Thermally-speaking, those walls are... better than no walls... sometimes.
             

              Don't forget a layer on that concrete floor as well.

Yeah,  I know but 3 inches of foam gives you like r12 or r15. Plus it adds rigidity to the building,  so it could keep the walls intact even in hurricane-force winds. I would use 6 inches of foam (after curing)  and all would be toasty in winter and Super comfortable in high temps.

I've worked inside a grain bin on hot summer days... I really hope they have good insulation on the inside and a great HVAC system.

I bet that thing's a bitch to heat AND cool.

I live in a round house similar size- it heats and cools better than anywhere I've ever lived because the air flows freely around the space. No corners for cool or warm air to settle in, and if you turn on a fan anywhere it affects the whole floor because of that

They are talking about the metal shell, not the shape. Nevertheless, with proper insulation, that bin would be quite cozy.

Depending on the insulation applied to the inside it could be easy to heat. And the round shape actually minimize the surface and could optimize heat spread depending in how it's heated and if there are inner walls.

I used to build grain bins, that’s cool bro 👍

I Would love to see some photos of the inside!

It's bin real.

Do they still find the occasional bit of grain appearing by magic I wonder.

$350 a night on Airbnb with a $250 cleaning fee.

Idk if anyone else here watched Barry but… I feel uncomfortable.

I think a I’ve seen this exact house, or something very similar. It was student housing for agriculture interns on a non-profit farm.

I absolutely love this!!!!!!!
          

           Like I want it!

Would love to know the cost of this project, and what the inside looks like!

It's not centered on the pad. OCD intensifies

If there's no furnace and air conditioner, I'd put my in laws in there in a heartbeat

For what purpose?

Probably a guest house.

House related activities

Nice.
          

           If Apple can have a circular building why not us?

Yeah, but you can't tell your kid to go sit in the corner.

There's a house a lot like this in eckford Village just outside of Marshal michigan.

how loud is the rain?

sims 4 fans are triggered rn

This is in Craig, MO for $225,000.

It’s a little corny if you ask me.

Minecraft moment

how does this work, I feel like the structural integrity is pretty compromised by the holes cut into the walls here. I really want to see the interior to see how it doesn't collapse.

It’s a little CORNY if you ask me

I would love to see the inside!! This is so cool!

Probably go deaf in a good rain storm living in that.

