Also OP:

Mildly OCD

Not nearly enough. 1 slice has 2. Another 4. The rest 3.
                

                 I cant look at it now.

Actually I think that because they didn’t cut any pepperoni that OCD would only kick in with a bit of perfectionism. But that’s just me.

wildy OCD

Bro gerrymandered the pizza

Because the pepperoni is so evenly distributed, and all the slices are relatively similar in size, it kinda seems like the exact opposite of gerrymandering.
             

              Also, I feel like the pepperoni was moved around because every piece looks like it's just resting on the top, not attached at all. Plus, some of the pepperonis were clearly pushed judging from the push patterns along the edges with the cheese, and how much sauce is exposed.
             

              Course, I could be wrong, but smells suspish.

One had 4 and another has 2. The rest have 3.

We live in a society 😔

This redditor crime scenes.

This was a frozen cheese pizza with turkey pepperoni added on top... sometimes I scrape off a bit of the cheese first to have it on top of the pepperoni but this was the easier approach.

Exactly. Gerrymandered pizza would isolate all the pepperoni on one or two pieces so the cheese gets more influence (assuming pieces get 1 unit of representation) despite cheese having equal or lower total percentage of the the total area.

This deserves so many more upvotes. Also please accept poor mans gold 🥇

You will find this comment under any picture of an oddly sliced pizza

And it is funny every time

enjoy your pizza rain man

I Like Pizzah

Also, K-Mart sucks!

You are mentally ill.

I know, who uses a knife to cut pizza?

You always use a knife to cut pizza. A pizza cutter is just a circular spinning knife

Some people use scissors, which, technically are just opposed knives, so you'd still be correct.

Not even Arkham Asylum would take those people

Do you put your pizza cutter to a whetstone? Could you slice a falling piece of paper in two with it's sharpness?
                   

                    OP try a pizza mezzaluna if you make lots of pizza.

I personally don’t sharpen my pizza cutter, but there is no reason you couldn’t sharpen a pizza cutter on a whetstone

Unless teeth are "just biological knives", every pizza is also cut by teeth.

i do :(
                

                 Phoning the doctors as of this message

Mentally awesome more like.

Straight to hell

Alright now
             

              Come on now
             

              You're flying higher than a kite tonight
             

              You've took the hit and now you feel alright
             

              Your dance be death so we must celebrate
             

              I'll make you scream, I'll make you defecate
             

              Straight to hell tonight
             

              We're going straight to hell
             

              Straight to hell tonight
             

              I'll make you lie, I'll make you steal and kill
             

              I'll make you crawl until your final thrill
             

              Enjoy the ride, I'll plant my bitter seed
             

              You'll kill yourself and I will watch you bleed
             

              Straight to hell tonight
             

              We're going straight to hell
             

              Straight to hell tonight
             

              Straight to hell tonight
             

              We're going straight to hell
             

              Straight to hell tonight
             

              Something is missing and you don't know why
             

              Deeper in the darkness you will hide
             

              Alright now
             

              Alright now
             

              Straight to hell tonight
             

              We're going straight to hell
             

              Straight to hell tonight
             

              Straight to hell tonight
             

              We're going straight to hell
             

              Straight to hell tonight

More like
           
            r/mildyinfuriating
           


           Stay out of my kitchen.

You could have just arranged the pepperoni prior to cooking to avoid this monstrosity

I make pizzas for a living, and I agree, it isn't hard at all

I was gonna say, that's what I do. Everybody was calling them crazy and I was feeling some type of way. But this isn't that wild. I like pepperoni in every bite too, gotta make it do what it do

r/pizzacrimes

Thank you to whomever reported me to be in need of
           
            RedditCareResources
           
           help...

ok that's kinda funny

This is the way a psychopath cuts a pizza

It bothers me that all of the slices have 3 peps, aside from one with 2 and another with 4. If you moved a pep from the 4 to the 2, every slice would have 3 peps 😭

Damn... You just re-triggered my OCD.

I like it.

This belongs in the mildly infuriating sub

Madman!!!!

Let's get married

Doing the Lord’s work.

the Lord of darkness

Is there any other?

Mutilated to perfection. I hate that I love it.

Did u weigh every slice to make sure they’re within 2gm variance??

This is the way.

If anybody ever needs the definition of chaotic good, this is absolutely it.

The hell is wrong with you

I think your daughter beat you to the punch, same thing was posted about a month and said they're dad did it!



The poor guy that'll get that one slice that only has two pepperonis.

And there's another slice that has 4 pepperonis. All that OCD and couldn't even be bothered to do it properly.

That big slice with 4 peps was for me!

The chef's slice!

So you just stole someone else post few weeks ago.
          

           DOOOWN YOU GO!

This is my personal photo from 3 days ago. Go ahead and find me the same photo on the web or on reddit in the past.

Didn't say you stole the photo. I'm saying you stole the idea.
                

                 Someone posted that the father did this and blablabla.
                

                 I'm just pointing out that.
                

                 DOOOWN YOU GO.

Is it not possible for you that I never saw that post among the millions of reddit posts added everyday and thought of doing it on my own...?!?

Right. Sure. Haha.
                      

                       Bro, it's just a post on reddit. I call your bullshit idea, that's it. Move on.

You really showed him huh.

Sure. Why not.



Why not

What did this achievement unlock?

This is definitely mildly interesting.
          

           You just do you, man.

I don’t do this but I can understand. OP is a pepperoni per bite person. No crime.

No pepperonis were harmed in the slicing of this pizza.

100% better than slicing through the pepperoni. Good job.
          

           To those who say you’re a psychopath, they are just jealous

when i worked as cook, i allways put pepperoni in a way so you could slice it in 8 pieces with out cutting peperonie

Maddening

Came here for the comments and was not disappointed.

believe it or not, straight to jail.

It looks so wrong, but still delicious.

This may be the most least interesting thing I have ever seen.

So you would say it was mildly interesting?

Uninteresting is the word I am looking for lol. I can’t believe I’ve been downvoted on pointing out someones cut up dinner is not interesting lmao

Chuck e cheese : you're hired!

Ooooo OP really thought he did a good job here. Just wait and see the comments bruh 😂

Soon to be on an episode of Criminal Minds

I’m sending Agent 47.

Pizza terrorist

I diagnose you with mental disorder









Sick bro!

Lol nice one

r/notinteresting

This is the shit that causes "Mandela Effects".

Please elaborate.

Take pepp off, cut pizza, replace pepp... voila, perfect pizza slices!

no

but at what cost

This is the quality content I’m here for. Bravo!

Chaotic good pizza

And the pieces are all so uniform, too...  🤣

I'm proud of you. It's a small but fun achievement. Good job.

There’s one piece with 4 and one with only two… that’s the real story here. 😭

Still a perfect average

You can be friends with this guy’s dad

i have that exact same knife

Yes but at what cost

Why don't all slices have 3 pieces of "peperoni" (salami) on it?

Damn, 2 to one on the insane to not insane scale, sorry you’re nuts

I see posts like this and, as a person who has made pizzas professionally in their past, just distribute the damn pepperoni properly and you can cut normal slices without cutting any pepperoni.



You ok, bud ?

Are you the person who writes maths olympiad puzzles? /s

I'm extremely angry right now not because I don't like pizza but cause of the way it was cut

Some say a visionary some say a hero of our times

This man has stared into the void… and it has taken him

But at what cost?

I like it cut like this. Life isnt fair afterall. Realism pizza.

You're both a monster AND visionary.

Feels like you solved a math problem.

I started “free-cutting” my pizzas as soon as I started living alone… ain’t no compromise on my pies lol

Ok satan

I'm surprised it didn't come out worse. I consider this pretty good/lucky.

Lol okay.

I think shredded pepperoni is the future

This is the way!

Lock this man up

Oh probably the only good reason to not cut consistent shapes

And you used a
           
            knife
           
           to do it?! You need to be locked up.

Congratulations 🎉/ s

Holy cow. I don’t want to meet OP in a dark alley, that’s for sure.

Middle right slice is giving me a fierce erection.

You just copied that viral post from a couple months ago..

OP, you are uninvited to my next pizza party.
          

           no offense

You are going to hell

Okay but why don't they ask have 4 peps in each?

Chaotic Good....... I think that is you.

Now. Calculate the surface area of each slice.

That hurts my brain 😀

Pepperonis were placed on it afterwards trick!

If real life had game achievements, I'm pretty sure that would be one, good job! Looks satisfying af

u/repostsleuthbot

I didn't find any posts that meet the matching requirements for
              
               r/mildlyinteresting
              
              .
             

              It might be OC, it might not. Things such as JPEG artifacts and cropping may impact the results.
             


               I'm not perfect, but you can help. Report [
               
                False Negative
               
               ]
              



               View Search On repostsleuth.com
              




               Scope:
              
              Reddit |
              
               Meme Filter:
              
              False |
              
               Target:
              
              92% |
              
               Check Title:
              
              False |
              
               Max Age:
              
              Unlimited |
              
               Searched Images:
              
              366,311,865 |
              
               Search Time:
              
              0.03602s

Good idea, I usually arrange the pepperonis ahead of time so that I can cut slices like normal but still have even pepperoni on each slice

Where did you hide the bodies!?

Fuck the nay-sayers, this is the way! High five!

Is this a meme?

Perfection. That looks so delicious!

🎵"We need a hero..."
          

           This is not it. The sizing is ludicrous and can't be overlooked (trust me I tried)

Mother of God.

Do you take bites where you refuse to bite half the pep too?

You solved a math problem IRL

Please get the help you need

I wonder what percentage of Redditors think this is
           
            r/mildlyinfuriating
           
           vs the percentage who think this is
           
            r/lifeprotips
           
           ?

Wirh a vegtable knife,  icee

Am I the only one that redistributes the ronis for an easy/ optimal cutting experience?

lol who uses a knife to cut pizza?

You are a god.



that pepperoni looks fuckin delicious tho

Very clever. Never thought of this

Kino

The latest movement of the modern art world, ladies and gentlemen:

You are the devil

This is the way.

I feel like this is a repost….

I call the piece with 4 pepperonis.

Lowkey infuriates me

Oh damn.. I like what I see xD

This defeats the purpose of equality. Equality is important because everyone deserves the same amount of that pie.

You should be royal pizza cutter

Looks good to me

Call the fucking cops

I kind of love it.

Dare you to post this in a Italian sub

"Promote that man"

I'm calling the police.

This puts a smile on my face!🍕

What's that quote? Something about just because we can do something doesn't mean we should?

Like, c’mon dude, really?

Thank you for your service.

next time slice with your eyes open

You don’t take a bite of cereal until every piece has touched milk, do you?

The kind of shit I do when I actually have important work to get done

Interesting. Commendable. Looks delicious.

Repost from a month or so ago, possibly another sub. Title something like "my dad cuts the pizza to avoid cutting the salami".

Thanks for that



I hope your OCD is satisfied, young man.  :P

sigh

