Any Frenchmen here who can comment on the quality and taste of baguettes from this machine? Just curious.
          

           Edit: wow, this blew up! Just for the record, I am German and I love genuine French bread, so I was curious about the quality.

It is actually quite good, several times a day ( depending on the baker ) come to reload it, it’s the same bread as in the bakery, 
It’s main use is for small villages who don’t have bakeries anymore 
As most small bakeries are dying, many small villages are left alone

That sounds pretty sad

Well it’s just the way the business is evolving, but it is indeed very unfortunate, a lot of hardworking people lose their businesses, and the growing of bakery chains is one of the causes, almost a 1000 bakeries from chains have now opened

Given how aggressively protective of their culture the French are I'm surprised there isn't a law against bakery franchises.

That's the net part ! There is a law for it, you can't name you bakery a "Bakery" if the bread aren't made in place. All the process step to made the bread need to be done in selling place.

And it allowed a lot of us to discover just how far you can stretch the meaning of "made here" lmao

Made here is also a protected label, but i don't remember the requirement to get this label..
But most of tourist restaurent used the label without having it, they use a slightly modified label to play with law.

The label "made here" was made here... not the product. 
This was a loop-hole for a while.

[deleted]

Subway in the US perfected this when they say bread baked on site, it's frozen dough premeasured and pre cut that goes into a pre programmed oven.

Does that make a difference?  I don’t know shit about bread, but would’ve assumed that’s just as good until reading this. lol

Frozen dough isn't as good as freshly made. It won't make too much of a difference after filling it up with meat, cheese, vegetables and sauces like subway do though.

You know how a frozen pizza and a freshly made one taste totally different? It's the same with bread.

No, it's definitely not the same. If you just want soft bread with no texture or flavour, it's fine, but if you compare to fresh bread from a good bakery it's apples and oranges.

Judging by the quality of the bread at Subway, yeah. It makes a difference

Wasn't it France that made subway reclassify their bread or something because of its sugar content?? Or maybe Ireland?? Idk, but someone said "absolutely not" to subway & I love that.

France has very strict laws on what is allowed to go into making bread in general not just specific to subway.
                                     

                                      The law states that traditional baguettes have to be made on the premises they're sold and can only be made with four ingredients: wheat flour, water, salt and yeast. They can't be frozen at any stage or contain additives or preservatives, which also means they go stale within 24 hours.

Probably the entirety of Europe legally considers Subway bread cake.

Actually protecting small companies. Great.

There’s also a law protecting a type of bread. That’s why when you ask for a baguette in France you ask for a « tradition ».

Right, because if the bread wasn't made there, it's legally just a sparkling bread.

I mean, does it? It sounds a lot like how US companies do the whole “assembled in US” branding. 
Just have your big bucks infrastructure buy and ship everything to shop, assemble (bake) with your big machines, bam, you’re a bakery.
                               

                                Costs would be much easier to cover for those big companies than small bussinesses

Not exactly. You can't call it a bakery in France if the bread is just baked there – those are called "point chaud". To be able to call it a bakery, the bread needs to be made and baked on site.

That's good but the chains all bake their own bread.. just save money buy buying supplies in higher quantities, then dumbing down processes and hiring cheap labour

You can only call it a "sparkling bread".

Bakery franchise aren't restricted but they need to be real bakery (not only a shop who sell bread). So the bread must be made in it by real bakers (with a baker degree).

Well they probably would if the vending machine bread wasn't "actually quite good."

My Grandpa was one of those people who even in his late 80s he would still religiously get up at the crack of dawn to go and get in the queue for the morning bread. Caus if you arrived at even 9 or 10am all the fresh, good stuff was long gone. That and half the point wasnt actually to buy bread but chat to everyone in the queue. You couldnt
                       
                        just
                       
                       get your baguette and leave, that would be rude. You
                       
                        have
                       
                       to check in with the store owner, hows the wife and kids etc, etc.
                      

                       And while there is definitely something idyllic about that sort of life, I can for sure see the point of conveniance here.

No Irish goodbyes in the French bread queues.

but chat to everyone in the queue.
                          


                          Sigh. Third places.

Third places
                             


                             what's third places

We live in Paris but it's still the same there. Get to the boulangerie early, get a fresh from the oven still warm tradition, chat with the shop owner and any familiar neighbors, maybe have an espresso, then off to work (I WFH lol)<3

That and half the point wasnt actually to buy bread but chat to everyone in the queue. You couldnt just get your baguette and leave, that would be rude. You have to check in with the store owner, hows the wife and kids etc, etc.
                          


                          The death of the 3rd place has come for  us all.

Sounds like something that's lovely in theory, but I'd hate in reality.

Same. I love the concept but would never actually wake up at 6am to go get some bread and talk to people XD

Talking to people before like, 10 am or so, isn't my thing lmao

Can confirm, the village I often stay in has lost the local shop, hairdresser, bakery and butcher over the last ten years. There's two big supermarkets five minutes drive away but its not the same.

[deleted]

Yeah, bread is a cultural landmark in France, when a village loses its bakery, that's not a good sign.
                   

                    What's happening in the region where I'm from is that bunches of nearby villages try to collectivise all their services. So let's say there's one remaining baker out of five villages, they will go do a round and drop a bunch of baguettes and other basic breads every morning at whatever places still exist there in the other villages (small convenience store, post office, tabac shop, even the school or city hall sometimes) so that the locals can get their fresh bread daily without having to drive.

It is, we're going to lose our baker in my village, he receive the new electricity bill, it goes from 0.17€ to 1.20€ per kWh, he use 6Mwh per month :/

Wth! Your government practically owns Engie.

Yeah but due to being on EU electric market and it's price being indexed on gas this have been a massive mess to stay polite.
                         

                          Also due to being gov owned Engie is forced to sell at heavy loss to third parties reseller and to rebuy it from them at the price they want (market+ their cut). Which put them in crazy debt because they basically can't even cover their own cost.

And people bitch about nuclear, if europe was nuclear and renewables none of this would have happened. There would be a jump due to uranium/plutonium costs but not as big.
                             
                             But noo the fear mongering morons got their way and now we have dirty and expensive power.

What the fuck is that jump?

A cost of war.  They managed to break free of Russian energy without freezing, but it's still expensive.

First time I saw one was next to a bakery in a small village. My thought was it was for when the bakery was closed

For the people who work late and still need their bread, or for that sudden midnight need for a baguette. Anything can happen you know.

h24 open bakery in Bordeaux was the best. 4am, in the middle of a LAN and you're hungry? Time for some warm baguette. Or some chocolatine.

Or some chocolatine.
                          


                          You're going to start a civil war by dropping bombs like that

Do they come out warm? Or is that too much to hope for

Idk about this machine, but where I live they do come out hot

I need this machine in my life!! I can’t even get a good baguette at my local bakery

That's something Star Trek got wrong. Who the heck needs a complex machine to make Earl Grey tea?
                         

                          Computer! Baguette, traditionelle, hot. Some camembert, and a caraffe of 1990 Red Bourgogne -- surprise me. And hold my holocalls.

Fuck, this post makes me wish I didn't have IBS. Well, most of life does, but this post in specific.

And for the baker it’s a great business opportunity, as one machine will typically distribute roughly 50 baguettes a day, if you have 5/7 machines it’s starting to matter a lot 
And most machines are connected, so you can follow the stock via an app on your phone, 
Just fyi a good machine costs between 10 to 15k€

50 a day doesn't sound that great. What's the profit on a baguette after variable cost are deducted?

Suppose you make 50 cents a baguette, so 25 € a day.  The machine would pay for itself in 400 days, or a little over a year.  If the machine lasts ten years, that is pretty good.

You forgot the daily delivery and maintenance cost for each machine.

Suppose you make 50 cents a baguette,
                          


                          50 cents is the profit per baguette, not the sale price. Profit = sale price minus expenses, which includes delivery cost.

You also have to pay for a driver and a van out of that.

That does not sound good. Most of the profit would need to cover the overhead in the bakery itself, and you didn't include the overhead of stocking and operating the machine.

I am French. Here my feedback:
             

              Bof bof, pffff

Sir, is that French for it sucks?

It's french for shrug, it's whatever

“Meh” as our American friends would put it

"Bof bof" would translate to "so-so"

It's one of Baudelaire's most well-regarded poems.

Toi t'es un vrai français

Ohlalalala, hé!
                

                 HÉ HO DUCON TA BAGUETTE ELLE EST PAS FRAÎCHE, 4 EUROS POUR CETTE MERDE?!
                

                 Do better if you can. 😚I am the frenchiest.

Not French, but I live close to the border. When we go there for the weekend, we pass one of these. It's a normal baguette, nothing special but still has the typical high quality you see in French bakeries in general. They are €1 each and they come out of the machine hot.
             

              Usually pick a few up on the way home because they're better than the white bread we get in Germany. Eat one in the car and the rest with dinner.
             

              Oh, and the machines are available on Sunday when the bakeries are closed, which is really nice.

Eat one in the car and the rest with dinner.
                 


                 This is the way.

True knowledge of the ancestral french ways. Let's cover this man with camembert as a reward !

They aren’t all that bad, I bought one once because the town didn’t have a boulangerie anymore and I was by a national forest and wanted to picnic.

I am french and have never seen one of these.

Tu habites où ? Vers chez nous il yen a vraiment plein ( Normandie )

Attends qu'il découvre les distributeurs à huîtres.

Spoken like a true Cancalais

T'habites en ville ?

Oui en ville, y en a peut être pas dans mon coin

Tu en verra plus à la campagne, dans les villages où il n'y a plus de boulangerie.

Ahhh, oui, c'est pour les campagnes. Pour les villages trop petits pour avoir une boulangerie. 
Tu as aussi des distributeurs à pizza !

Some of them can be pretty good. They are convenient when the bakeries are closed.

Depends on the baker, but for my money it averages between ok and really good. The machine is an oven so it keeps the bread hot, comes out of here just right

The baguettes in these machines are from local bakeries.

Most of it are better alternatives then what you get in supermarkets + you get bread on a sunday night if you forgot to buy some.

It's usualy a local bakerie who makes the bread every day and sell it trough those machine. Often in small city where the Boulanger can't afford someone to work 7am to 7pm to sell directly in the bakerie so they'll have those kind of vending machine to make à few more sales

Decent, stocked up fresh in the morning, if you buy it at the end of the day may be less quality but exact same issue if you buy it in boulangerie

En général c'est pas mal, il y en a une pas loin de chez moi, le plus important c'est que ça depend surtout du fournisseur boulanger qui rempli la machine.

My French is bad, I haven't taken classes since high school,  this says,  in general they are not bad, I have one near my house (?) The important things is that it depends on who provides the baguette into the machine(?) AM I close?

The most important thing is it depends above all on which bakery is filling the machine

Is the bakery indicated anywhere on the machine?

You were close. It reads as follows:
                   

                    "In general, your mother smells of rotten goat. I detest your general demeanor. Wonderbread is a conspiracy. Destroy your television, you American swine."

Well I'm not a tongue expert, but in view of your neat and relevant translation level, I think I can assert that your french knowledge is as bad as my english skillz. Nice instinctive approach bruh

It’s made by a baker, so if they make good bread you should be set. It’s practical more than anything

Better than anything called stokbrood in Nederland.

I didn't even know this existed, I've never seen that in my life and now I kinda feel like I'm seeing a picture from another dimension, so now it has become my goal to find one. 
But to be honest, I doubt it could replace a real baguette freshly out of the oven.

I used to go up to Albuquerque (100miles) with a neighbor (4 miles) every couple of weeks for groceries and sashimi (he needed sashimi). One time we went to a new artisanal bakery. It advertised baguettes and I got one to see his reaction. He gave it a squeeze and with a slight sneer and a raised eyebrow he said, "It is a batard." Then he told me about his job as a five-year-old just after WW2 in Normandy. He was to go to the boulangerie before breakfast and bring back a baguette. Then, in late morning he would go back again and get another. "Why not get two the first time?", I asked. "Who would eat a morning baguette at lunch?", he replied.

We also have pizza vending machines fwiw.

You'd have to feel pretty Jet Lagged to eat one of those

Only if you enter the snack zone

I prefer Choo Choo Chew myself

You're the only one... maybe.

I do love choo choo chew

And then you get to Germany and suddenly the train is mysteriously delayed without you realizing

hey I understand this reference.
                

                 Also, they pump those out. I always think I'll have to wait like a year for the next one.

For those who don't get the reference : check out Jetlag the game on nebula/youtube. Highly highly recommend!

The worst pizzas i've ever had but yeah they exists...

They're pretty fucking good here, je sais pas où t'habite mais pas de chance à toi très cher

J'habite dans le nord de la Drôme, la distrib à coté de chez moi vaut hyper cher pour un truc hyper dégueulasse

Totally depends on the pizzeria that operate the machine. The one I've tried is on par with a mediocre artisan pizzeria. It easily beats pizza hut or frozen pizza.

I found that out only last week in an episode of Jet Lag and while I cannot imagine them being good, I confess to curiosity.

was walking home for over 2 hours at 3am, tired af, and i was starving, then i remembered that one pizza vending machine, it was right on my path.
             

              i waited for 15 minutes until it was done. it was objectively reaaally bad, hot yet almost raw dough. but in that situation it was like heaven haha
             

              dont know if i had made the other half of the way home without that pizza
             

              (was next to an isolated gas station in germany)

We saw them during our holiday. A lot. They were quite cheap if I recall correctly and the machine advertised them to be ready within 3 minutes.
             

              I didn't buy one to experiment because of my diet (low salt) though, so still wondering how they taste.

The most French picture I have seen to this day.

I can raise you a 24/7 refrigerated cheese vending machine near to a ski resort I know (google street view below):
             


               https://www.google.com/maps/@46.2935829,6.7940241,3a,75y,188.88h,71.35t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1sN_fsOMAh6yCGGB6I_SRDvg!2e0!7i16384!8i8192?entry=ttu

Now, why aren't the baguette machine and the cheese machine proximate to one another? Do I really have to make two stops? This is not a convenient way to prepare Un peu à manger.

Sounds like the next great business idea. Big brain time

At least one with beurre, s'il vous plait

Ah nice. There is a cheese and ham vending machine just down the road from me.

Right across from the machine that dispenses bérets, where the Citroën 2CV is parked.

What an amazingly beautiful location... for a cheese vending machine.

https://i.imgur.com/eC07XiY.jpg

Nice.
                

                 I know it's for comedic effect but to give an overview on french stereotypes: in reality you no longer see a mime on the streets. Like never.
                

                 Except a handful of old guys in the basque area and busloads of UK or US female tourists no one wears a beret.
                

                 Also the "marinière" strippes is rather limited to female summerwear, like sundresses, tshirts, wool pullovers for chilly Brittany nights. Won't see it that often in Paris or on men IMO.

What's the first machine selling?

Think it's onions.

Garlic

i love you.
                

                 je t'aime.

It's not smoking a cigarette or striking, so it could be more so.

It's not [...] striking
                 


                 I mean the display is off...

We 'ave two kinds of ze baguette 'ere–classic et traditional. All ze choices. [sucks pensievely on a Gauloise]

*filterless Gitanes. Gauloises is for tourists and Gen Z.

Tell me your not from France without telling me your not from France

Did you know: clichés are clichés, not truths. :)

les stereotypes existent pour une raison

Years ago I was in Paris and group of kids were kicking a ball around and lost control of it. A slender well-dressed man walking down the sidewalk smoking a cigarette pops out of nowhere and expertly kicks it back to then. One of the kids yelled “Merci, monsieur!”  That was the Frenchest thing I have ever seen. Bet these baguettes are delicious.

I thought this would be a family guy joke

It's somehow simultaneously the most French and least French thing ever.

I respect them for this. We all need a baguette vending machine in our lives.

The most French thing that ever Franced.

Whats the difference between classic and traditional?

Classic is made with yeast, traditional is sourdough.

There we go. That makes sense.

I recommend the "tradi" as we say here.

Traditional is yummy

It does taste better and have that extra crunchy feel. It also feels more filling. Probably is.

traditional is sourdough
                 


                 Nope. It can be either yeast or sourdough, or both.
                


                  2° Etre fermentée à l'aide de levure de panification (Saccharomyces cerevisiae) et de levain, au sens de l'article 4 du présent décret,
                  
                   ou de l'un seulement de ces agents de fermentation
                  
                  alcoolique panaire ;
                 



                  Source

the classic baguette is a bread with a very white and very airy crumb, the tradition has a more generous crust and a slightly yellow crumb that is more elastic and dense.  Tradition baguette is much better but contain often more gluten.

Classic is basically anything the baker wants it to be. It's the recipe he has developed that use what is locally available cheaply. As another user said it will usually be very white and fluffy, made with yeast and enriched flour.
             

              A tradition is more expensive and is made with a recipe that is regulated. Pure flour, water and salt. No additive. It's much more labour intensive and also needs a full day to proof.

I can feel their Pain

"I have given a name to my pain. And it is 'Une Baguette'."

How sad, it's bread in captivity.

It's toearly for this

In France, and lots or rural parts of Europe, vending machines for a whole range of things aren’t rare. You find them for eggs, meat, pastries etc. all the products are fresh.
          

           We don’t have 24/7 shops on every corner so it’s sometimes the only way of buying things. These baguettes where certainly baked that morning and this machine is likely just outside the bakery they were baked at or in a smaller village close by without its own bakery.
          

           It saves on expensive labour and does exactly the same job.

Eggs in a vending machine is a wonderfully chaotic idea.

They are
                 
                  this
                 
                 style of machine.

That seems way over-engineered. Why do they need to dispense a whole carton of eggs when one egg is un œuf?

👏

Where do I get more bilingual puns like this? I need more.



Omg, this thread will wake my husband up.

Ah that's disappointing.

Yea I was hoping for a regular beverage type vending machine that dispenses single eggs and by time it's done there's half a dozen broken shells in the receptacle. Very disappointing indeed!

Username checks out.

In the Highlands (Scotland) you still see "Honesty Boxes" with eggs usually with prices on a list and a money box, Purley trust based

We have this in Bannau Brycheiniog too. I think this tends to be more from small holdings or household chickens selling excess eggs rather than a business model though.

I've seen a decent number of those for honey in Florida.
                

                 Only honey... No idea why. Guess it doesn't go bad in heat so it's basically the only thing it works with?

In Amish country they do this with unpasteurized milk and fresh eggs, and typically the cows and chickens are within viewing distance

We have those in America. I can think of a dozen within a couple miles of me

Farm stands in some rural US areas do similarly: a table with various produce, and a money box. It must work, considering how often I see it.

Just goes to show the Scots are more trustworthy than the French.

Yup. In Italy we have milk (fresh from the farm) vending machines. Coming to Europe makes my Japanese heart happy with all the unconventional vending machines around :) eta: I use the milk form those vending machines to make cheese!

Does include a grocery bag where the loaf sticks out the top like in the old movies?

You carry it under your arm, without a bag.

[deleted]

That's why they bake them with less salt.

unless you buy several, then you get a paper bag.

Of course they do

Oh wow, whatever will I choose?  The Traditional or the Classic?

The tradition is usually better as the recipe is regulated.

Those classic baguettes are too unpredictable.

French redditor here, and watching American people discover these machines IS mildlyinteresting.

These started when someone with poor handwriting ordered a cigarette vending machine.

Similar to communist Cuba with their statue of Lennon.

Etttt ouiii ! Envoyez le pâté maintenant ! :)

Quick, someone tell Boxxo about this.

Of course they do

I’ve eaten baguettes from these vending machines before, they were not fresh and not tasty. But people still have to use them because there aren’t any other good options in their town. Very sad.

There are also fresh pizza vending machines. They're decent and relatively cheap.

I bought a baguette at a local grocery store outside Paris and my cousin's husband said to never do this again and buy from the local bakery. Fine by me. But that grocery store baguette was the best baguette I had ever eaten until then. Until, of course, I had the baguette from the local bakery. The bread in France really is ridiculously delicious.

We have bread vending machines in Belgium.
          

           Like, actually, fresh bread.

Like they get baked in the vending machine?

Baked and then put in the vending machine daily

never for one second did I think they didn't

French person here. I've never seen a baguette vending machine irl. It must be a relatively recent and rare concept.

It's only in small towns. I've never seen one either but that's probably because I have two bakeries a minute away from where I live.

I saw one a few years ago on holiday! It was in a very small quiet town.

Sadly, they missed an opportunity to name them Buyguettes.

Sadly, 99% of french people would not get the pun.

